Document --show-child-io flag for dotnet-trace (#22851)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/diagnostics/dotnet-trace.md

## dotnet-trace collect

> Collects a diagnostic trace from a running process or launch a child process and trace it (on .NET 5.0 or later only). Append `--` to the collect command to have the tool run a child process and trace it from its startup (on .NET 5.0 or later only).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Collects a diagnostic trace from a running process or launches a child process and traces it (.NET 5+ only). To have the tool run a child process and trace it from its startup, append `--` to the collect command.
```
